I, I, I didn't hesitate.
Okay, then be my fairy couple
If you make out with the Jade Emperor
I won't protect anymore
Wow, we can't be together.
What's wrong with you?
I already have someone I like
What do you like?
Who is this?
It's my own business
You don't like that security guard, do you?
What happened to the security guard?
I think he's great.
I guess he didn't let me down.
Not a vain and cold-blooded person
OK.
Since you don't want to be my fairy couple
Then I won't force you.
Then I wish you can find your own happiness
OK
Lord Jade Emperor, you will always be a hero in my heart
I also wish you true love
Find the one who truly loves you
Thank you, Jade Emperor
I'll go first
And so forth.
What's the matter, Lord Jade Emperor?